["LOYALTY" BY CLASSIK FEATURING
KIDD MARLEY PLAYS]
♪ Yeah
♪ We don't ever fall out over money ♪
♪ That's loyalty
♪ That product movin' fast,
just keep it comin' ♪
♪ That's loyalty
♪ No one got left behind
I brought 'em with ♪
- ♪ That's loyalty
- [DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE]
♪ And if there's ever a problem... ♪
- [BARKING CONTINUES]
- ♪ That's loyalty
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS]
♪
[CELLPHONE BEEPING]
[CELLPHONE RINGING]
- [CELLPHONE BEEPS]
- Detective Rollins.
Chris.
It's me.
Tyler?
I'm in trouble. S-Something's happened.
- What kind of trouble?
- [PANTING]
Ty, talk to me.
It's not safe here. I can't talk.
Meet me at the southeast corner
of Grand Park.
- [CELLPHONE BEEPS]
- Tyler.
♪
SAM: Ali.
Ali, I-I completely agree with you.
No, I don't... I don't want to fight.
I'm just... I want to make
things up to you, all right?
And... And... And I promise you that
that is what I'm going to do.
Okay, no. I know.
No, I wouldn't trust me, either.
This isn't just an apology, okay?
It's... It's a pledge, a promise.
Yeah, I remember.
I will. I ju...
- [CELLPHONE BEEPS]
- Ugh.
That sounded rough.
[SIGHS] It's my sister, Alison.
She hates me.
I'm attempting to make amends.
- Step nine.
- Yep.
She was my first call.
I've got a long list.
But after that...
Why does she hate you?
Well, among other things,
I sent a singing strip-o-gram
to the auditorium
where she was defending
her journalism dissertation.
- That's funny.
- [LAUGHING] I know, right?
[NORMAL VOICE] She didn't think so.
And that was just when I was sober.
What did you do when you weren't?
Um...
I sent her a monkey.
- A live monkey?
- Yeah.
Yeah, she was nervous about
some interview she was doing
with some foreign head of state.
I forget which one.
But I just thought the monkey would help.
- That makes perfect sense.
- In my defense,
I was heavily intoxicated.
She loved monkeys when she was little.
- And your sister's a journalist?
- No.
She's an award-winning journalist.
See, she's the golden child.
I'm the bad seed.
Weren't you voted
most-trusted cop in America?
Yeah, it doesn't count.
I'm the only one in the family
who doesn't have a PhD.
Well, if she's that smart,
she will forgive you.
No, but it's not just about
apologizing or being forgiven.
It's about repairing the damage, and...
Well, knowing you, you'll find a way.
Oh, but you don't know my sister.
Hey, Chris.
You okay? Something wrong?
- Yeah, I need to talk to you.
- Oh, okay. I'll just...
Uh, actually, you, too, Sam.
Something's happened.
I'm here to hire you both.
...Captions by VITAC...
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
[HORNS BLARING IN DISTANCE]
EDDIE: So, Chris, what's this all about?
It's Tyler.
- Who's Tyler?
- Her brother.
He called me last night,
said he was in trouble.
He sounded... scared. Paranoid.
Told me to meet him at Grand
Park, and then he never showed.
And you haven't been able
to get ahold of him?
[SIGHS] He must have
turned off his cellphone.
I-I put alerts on
his credit card that I gave him
in case of emergencies. Nothing.
He just went dark.
Sounds like this isn't the first
time Tyler's been in trouble.
Tyler's always been
the black sheep of the family.
For the past few years,
he's been arrested
for burglary, drug possession.
He told me he was getting
his act together,
and I was stupid enough to believe him...
again.
If my people get involved,
this becomes a police matter.
Whatever my brother's into,
I won't be able to get ahead of it.
That's why I'm here.
Is there anywhere
that he might have gone?
Anyone he'd go see?
I checked all his usual hangouts.
Heard he's been renting a room
from this woman, Amy Riggins.
That's her address.
Thing is, Amy's a witness for the defense
in an ongoing criminal case.
If I talk to her...
The defense claims witness intimidation,
they throw out the case.
We'll try to talk to her,
but if she's really involved in a case,
even P.I.s might make her nervous.
What else can you tell us about her?
Not much. She, uh, works at a daycare,
lives in Echo Park,
rents a room for extra cash.
- Daycare.
- Yeah. Why?
Just finding our way in.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
SAM: Tyler?
Tyler.
♪
Hey.
Where's Tyler? Is he here?
Uh, sorry, who are you?
I'm Brittney, Tyler's girlfriend.
This is my brother, Chad.
Sorry. Tyler's not here.
Oh, my God. Chad, what are we gonna do?
If I don't have my insulin,
it might hurt the baby.
I told you not to trust him, Brit.
- I don't know what to say.
- Wait, no!
Tyler was supposed to fill
my insulin prescription
and bring it over,
but he never showed up.
- Have you seen him?
- Yep, I saw him last night.
He came tearing through here
like a crazy person.
Yeah? Did he say where he was going?
No, he just packed a bag and took off.
His room looks like a cyclone hit it.
But I-I'm sure he'll be back.
Yeah, but when? I, like,
really need my insulin.
Do you think I could,
like, check Tyler's room
a-and see if it's there?
[QUIETLY] Please.
♪
[SIGHS]
- I think I threw my back out.
- What are you talking about?
It's nine minutes, not nine months.
Tyler sure got out of here in a hurry.
Let's see if we can
find out where he went.
What's his deal, anyway?
He screws up, Christine bails him out.
Keeps promising to go straight, but...
but at what point do you cut the rope,
let somebody fall before
they take you down, too?
Well, it sounds like you've
known Tyler for a while.
Oh, eight, nine years.
I met him when Chris and I dated.
Oh, so you did date.
A couple months.
And it's nothing serious.
We realized we were
better off as friends.
With benefits.
Not for a while, actually.
[DRAWER CLOSES]
There's a TAP card for the metro system.
Maybe he's used it recently.
SAM: Hey, check this out.
[GRUNTS]
Hmm, these are unusual tools.
Slide hammer.
Shanked keys.
Ooh, code grabber.
I recognize all this stuff
from an episode we did.
Tyler is a car thief.
I know he's broken into cars in the past.
Well, this seems pretty recent to me.
Hm...
Secret cellphone?
Oh, look at this.
He got a message last night
from someone named "D".
Check this out.
What do you think it means?
The text is encrypted. Back in the day,
that's how me and the gang
used to communicate
so that cops couldn't nail us.
So, Tyler's trying to hide something.
Do you think you can crack it?
I could try.
Meantime, I looked into
that TAP card you found.
Looks like it was bought
in Artesia last night
- around 9:00 p.m.
- That's two hours after
he got that encrypted text from D.
I know who D is.
Damien Hill.
- Tyler's old buddy from back in the day?
- Mm-hmm.
Thought he was doing time
for grand theft auto.
He's out on parole.
I heard he just opened
a new auto-body shop in Artesia.
Chris, we found carjacking tools
in Tyler's room.
♪
Hey, I'll go find out what Damien knows,
see if he has any idea
what happened to Tyler.
No, it's better if I go.
He'll talk to me.
♪
["LOYALTY" BY CLASSIK FEATURING
KIDD MARLEY PLAYS]
Damien?
♪
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS]
[GASPS]
♪
Oh, God, Damien.
Tyler?
♪
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE]
EDDIE: Are you sure
Tyler's not in the shop?
No, thank God.
Uniforms swept the place.
No sign of Tyler anywhere.
What about the other guys?
They both worked for Damien.
They were tied up, tortured,
shot execution-style.
Tortured and executed?
Somebody was looking for answers.
Or payback.
This is why he was calling. I know it.
Whoever did this,
they went after Tyler, too.
Maybe they found him, and that's why
he didn't show up last night.
Look, Chris, we don't even know
if Tyler's involved, okay?
Let's not go worst-case
scenario just yet.
♪
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
Chris?
Eddie, he was here.
He's involved.
How can you be so sure?
ELDER: Rollins.
Hey!
[QUIETLY] I gotta go.
[NORMAL VOICE] Hey, Jay.
Welcome to the party.
It looks like someone
stole John Wick's car.
You got any idea what this was about?
Your guess is as good as mine.
Wow.
I mean, my sister and I have issues,
but thinking she might be dead?
Christine must be going
out of her mind not knowing.
Well, either way, it's bad news,
because if he's alive,
somebody's gunning for him.
Look, I've never met him,
but do you think it's possible
Tyler's the killer?
Well, the Tyler Rollins that I know
wouldn't be capable of that.
Hey.
That encrypted text,
it's a mono-alphabetic cypher.
Total cakewalk.
- A mono-what?
- What's the text say?
Um, it's an address in Bel Air.
1246 Celina Drive. It's a house.
It belongs to, uh, Perry Hansen.
Bel Air? You think he
went there last night?
There's only one way to find out.
♪
[INDISTINCT TALKING, LAUGHTER]
[LAUGHS]
EDDIE: Perry Hansen?
Oh, there you guys are.
- It's about time.
- What?
You're LAPD, right?
Uh, no.
I'm Eddie Valetik. This is Sam Swift.
We're private investigators
working a missing-persons case.
Were you expecting the police?
I had a car stolen last night.
A Berlinetta Torrino Supercar.
We're waiting for LAPD
to come and take a full report.
What time was your car stolen?
Do you think that has something
to do with your missing person?
You never know.
Well, security video tagged it
about 8:00 p.m. last night.
- My client is furious.
- Client?
Yeah, I'm an exotic car broker...
Berlinettas, Lamborghinis, Ferraris.
That car just arrived from Italy.
Is there any chance we can take
a look at your security footage?
Yeah, sure.
♪
Hey.
Doing okay? You seem shaky.
No, I'm fine.
So, how'd you stumble across
this triple homicide, anyway?
Were you looking to get an oil change?
An anonymous tip
from a confidential informant.
Your C.I. didn't say a word
about how all of this went down?
No.
Why?
You're gonna want to see this.
I found this in Damien Hill's pocket.
Take a look at this photo.
Is that what I think it is?
When was this taken?
Time stamped 9:20 p.m.,
which, according to the M.E.,
is right before the time of death.
Probably just before
the fun and games began.
- [CELLPHONE RINGING]
- Uh, hang on a sec.
[CELLPHONE BEEPS, RINGING STOPS]
Detective Rollins.
EDDIE: Chris, I got something
you need to see.
♪
It's him.
EDDIE: We found the exact same
sweatshirt in his room.
I had hoped he wasn't involved.
So, Tyler stole the car,
brought it to the chop shop.
How did that end up
with three people dead?
Because this isn't about a car.
It's about drugs.
- What are we looking at?
- We found this photo on Damien's phone.
It's a compartment built
into the interior door of a car.
♪
That's how drug smugglers
covertly move their drugs.
Oh, you mean like a trap car.
Okay, that same episode, the bad guy
was smuggling guns in a high-end car.
Very "Fast and Furious."
I'm guessing the white residue
is cocaine or heroine.
Looks more like coke.
What? So I have some experience.
Is that door paneling from...?
That's a Berlinetta.
The car wasn't at the shop.
We, uh...
put out a BOLO, but...
I'm sorry, Chris.
Maybe Tyler didn't know that
there were drugs in the car
when Damien asked him to steal it.
Or maybe he did
and that's why he stole it.
Look, either version,
three people are dead
because of what was in that car.
So, if Tyler wasn't at the shop...
The killer's after him, too.
[CELLPHONE CHIMES]
There's been a charge on
the credit card I gave Tyler.
Maybe this means he's still alive.
- Where'd it come from?
- A convenience store
off the 105 near the Hawthorne exit.
You know what's out there?
The old Palms Motor Inn,
and it's scheduled
for demolition next month.
Making it the perfect place
for Tyler to crash.
Hold on. Chris, you...
- you need to let us handle this.
- You're joking, right?
You haven't told anybody
that he's involved in this,
so, technically, that's withholding.
You go out there and something happens,
it could cost you.
And him.
If he is out there, I promise
we'll bring him back.
♪
[DOOR OPENS]
SAM: Shouldn't you have
let her come along?
I mean, it is her brother.
Yeah, and she'd do anything
to protect him.
He's already cost her a lot.
I don't want him costing her her badge.
And...
[DOOR CREAKS]
And what?
...we don't even know
if it was actually him
who made that charge.
Could have been somebody else.
Someone who had his credit card?
An abandoned motel
is a good place to hide out.
It's also a good place to kill someone.
Whatever we find, she does not
need to see.
You were protecting her?
What about me? Why didn't you
tell me not to come?
Oh, really? Since when
do you ever listen?
[DOOR HANDLE RATTLES]
[HUSHED] Eddie. Down the hall.
Someone's in there.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS]
♪
[GUN COCKS]
- [GUNSHOTS]
- [SCREAMS]
[BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY]
- You okay?
- Yeah.
♪
[GUN COCKS]
Aah!
Okay, please, God! Please, please, don't!
- Tyler!
- Eddie?
What the hell are you doing?
- You could have shot us both.
- I'm sorry!
I-I didn't know it was you.
What... What are you doing here?
Your sister wants to see you.
No. Tell her I'm good.
Oh, yeah? You can tell her yourself.
♪
I don't know whether
to hug you or hit you.
How about neither.
First you call and say you need my help,
- and then you ghost me?
- I thought it over.
- It's better if you're not part of this.
- I'm already part of this.
Just stay out of my business, Chris!
For both our sakes.
Oh, we are way past that.
I know about the stolen Berlinetta,
and I paid a visit to Damien's shop.
I had nothing to do with that.
Then how do you know
what I'm talking about?
I just, you know...
...heard Damien got killed.
How'd you hear?
It hasn't gone public yet.
Nothing's in the news.
- What are you accusing me of, Chris?
- What are you not telling me?
Do you really think
I would do something like that?
To my friend?
To anyone?
♪
[METAL CLINKS]
And yet you were there.
The watch Dad gave you for graduation.
Inscribed and everything.
♪
Ty, where do you think
you're going with this?
I mean, we-we're not talking about a B&E
or some misdemeanor possession charge.
If this is what it looks like,
you're done.
It's not what it looks like.
Then how do you know about those murders?
Tell me the truth, Tyler.
[SIGHS]
♪
After I lifted the car,
I dropped it off at Damien's
shop and took the metro home.
And then he called me, freaking out,
said I stole a trap car
and better come take it back.
- MAN: Where is it?!
- TYLER: When I got there...
- I heard voices...
- I don't like it when people lie to me.
...a guy yelling.
Where is it?! Where?
This dude had Damien
and his boys tied up.
- Where's my coke?
- They had taken a beating.
He kept screaming at Damien, saying,
- "Where is it?!"
- Where is it?!
Damien swore that when
they opened up the car,
there was no cocaine,
but he didn't believe him.
- [GUNSHOT]
- He shot him.
Just like that.
I panicked,
got the hell out of there.
I didn't know what to...
The other guys...
They were shot, too?
Yeah.
The shooter...
Did you, uh, recognize him?
I've never seen him before.
He had a lot of ink, though.
Could have been gang tats.
I went home, grabbed
some clothes, called you.
But Damien must have talked, because
they were already after me.
So, you stole a car that had drugs in it,
and now this guy thinks you took them?
Yeah, but I didn't.
I swear.
Chris, all I did was jack a car!
All you did?
God, do you even hear yourself?
SAM:
- She turned her back on him.
She's not believing what he's saying...
- [INDISTINCT ARGUING]
- ...and he's not listening.
I know how this goes.
Maybe we should go in.
No, they have to work
this out themselves.
- [SIGHS]
Tyler, these people
are going to kill you.
I don't know if I can stop them.
Mm.
Well, maybe you should just let them.
♪
Isn't that what you really want?
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
♪
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
♪
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[DOOR OPENS]
- [DOOR CLOSES]
- Look, I know I screwed up,
but I really don't need
another lecture right now.
She cares about you, man.
- I know it may not feel that way.
- Well, how could it
when she thinks it could be me
who made off with those drugs?
Do you blame her?
Look at it from her point of view.
I mean, you stole a trap car,
but you didn't know drugs were inside?
That's what happened!
Look, Damien told me
that the car was gonna be delivered
at 7:00 p.m. to the Bel Air place.
I showed up at 8:00.
When I saw no one was home,
I made my move.
So, if drugs were in the car,
somebody took them
before I got there.
Is there any chance that Damien
and his crew took the stash?
Why would he call me freaking out?
Besides, Damien was no hero.
All right, if he had them,
he would've given them up.
All right, you said the, um...
the shooter had gang tats.
The 12th Street Kings
and the West Coast Skulls
are the two biggest gangs
in the drug trade.
I'm gonna need you to look
at some mug books,
see if you can ID the shooter.
♪
Hi.
- Hey.
- Thought you could use this.
Thanks.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Sorry to be airing all my dirty laundry.
If it makes you feel better,
the entire universe has seen mine.
[CHUCKLES]
How is possible to love someone
and want to strangle them
all at the same time?
I think that's the definition
of "family."
♪
It's always been a struggle with Tyler.
We moved around a lot.
We were Army brats.
I don't know if it didn't hit me as hard
because I was older, but...
he had trouble making friends.
[CHUCKLES]
And there I go again,
making excuses for him.
I get it. He's your brother.
Yeah, but no matter how hard
I try, nothing ever changes.
My sister and I have a pretty
messy relationship, too.
I used to always blame her
for a lot of it.
But now I'm just...
I'm finally realizing my part.
I'm trying to take responsibility.
Not that my sister sees it.
♪
Owning up to your mistakes,
it's hard.
But maybe if I'm finding a way,
your brother can, too.
♪
Hey, sorry to interrupt.
Tyler went through some mug shots.
He ID'd the guy who's after him.
Nico Morales, a lieutenant
in the 12th Street Kings.
Day job... works for a company
called Delux Detail.
And get this, Delux Detail
is where Perry Hansen
gets his imported cars detailed
before they're delivered to his clients.
Well, that's how they do it.
The drugs are packed into cars in Italy,
the cars are off-loaded
at the San Pedro docks,
they're delivered to Hansen's house,
then Perry Hansen sends them to Delux
to be detailed before
they're delivered to the client.
So, while the cars are being detailed,
Nico and his crew, they unpack the drugs.
CHRISTINE: But the car was stolen
before it ever got to Nico.
And the drugs were already gone,
which means
that somewhere between the docks
and Hansen's house,
someone removed them.
- Could it be Hansen?
- BERTO: I looked into him.
No criminal record
and nothing else connects him
to Morales or the 12th Street Kings.
So, it must have been someone
else in the delivery process.
I've heard enough.
Eddie, we are talking
narcotics smuggling,
an international drug ring.
I have to turn it over to LAPD.
Chris, you know if you do,
they'll put Tyler
right in the middle of this.
They'll be making your brother a witness
against the 12th Street Kings.
You know what will happen.
So, what am I supposed to do?
♪
Seriously? You really think
this plan can work?
The only way to get
the heat off your brother
is by figuring out
who actually stole the drugs.
- Then what?
- Well, then you bust them.
That way Nico knows
that Tyler's not involved,
and then he calls off the hunt.
Chris, finding the drugs is the only way,
and...
...we know where to start looking.
EDDIE: We focus on these men.
I called a buddy of mine
who works Customs.
He pulled the manifest on the Berlinetta.
All three had access to the vehicle.
First up is Tobias Powell.
He works security at the holding lot.
He switched his shift to work
the night the car came in,
and that looks kind of shady.
SAM: Bachelor number two, Isaac Carter.
He's the dockworker
who off-loaded the car.
He also has convictions
for armed robbery.
And then there's Logan Cross.
He's the driver who actually
transported the vehicle
from the docks to Hansen's garage.
And he used to work at
a junk yard, so he'd know
how to get to those panels
without making a mess.
I'll run their names by Narcotics,
see if they ring any bells.
Yeah, that much coke
doesn't hit the streets
- without making a splash...
- [CELLPHONE CHIMES]
...so I'll reach out to my sources
and see if anyone's heard anything.
I need to get back to the precinct.
♪
[DOOR OPENS]
Hey.
Berto's gonna take you
to Eddie's apartment.
You'll be safer there.
Chris, um...
...I'm sorry.
Me, too.
♪
[ELEVATOR DINGS,
INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS]
♪
Hey. I got your text.
Everything okay?
Yeah, so I'm doing a write-up
on our triple, uh, homicide.
You know, so, just, you know,
remind me again.
Who tipped you off to the crime scene?
- A confidential informant.
- Mm-hmm.
You want to tell me
what's really going on, Chris?
- I already told you.
- See, well, it turns out that
that photo I showed you,
it's a door panel of a Berlinetta.
So, I checked with my guy in Auto Theft.
Funny thing...
he showed me security video
of someone boosting the exact same car.
- I know it was your brother.
- [SIGHS]
- Jay...
- [QUIETLY] Three dead bodies,
and your brother's mixed up in it?
[QUIETLY] Tyler didn't kill those men.
And you know that for a fact?
I don't have proof. Not yet, anyway.
Listen, Chris, this is a triple homicide.
I cannot keep this from the lieutenant.
Jay, please.
I just need a little more time
to solve this case.
What if it was someone in your family
that was caught in the middle?
♪
You've got 24 hours
to sort this thing out.
♪
Really? You were in juvie, too?
That's not something I'm proud of, man.
No, but you're, like, a...
You're, like, a tech guy.
Yeah, some gangbangers
in my hood figured that out,
and they had me breaking into ATMs,
hacking accounts.
I was always more on my own, you know?
I never had to deal
with all the gang stuff.
- Well, till now.
- So, what kept you in the life?
The fact that the one talent
I seem to have
is stealing cars.
Now...
I'm tired, you know?
I'm tired of making the same mistakes.
I'm tired of my sister
bailing my ass out.
It's not too late to change.
Well, it's hard to say no
when Damien calls
about a Berlinetta with a fat paycheck.
I just didn't think
it would cost him his life.
So, how'd Damien find out about
the car in the first place?
He sent me the address.
I took care of the rest.
I looked at the security systems
in that garage.
Might as well be breaking into Fort Knox.
Well, Damien's new source
came through with a code
that would disable the whole system.
The source gave you the code?
Do all your jobs usually
come with that much intel?
Nah.
This was the first time.
I thought I got lucky.
♪
- Okay. Thanks so much.
- [CELLPHONE BEEPS]
So, the driver who delivered
the Berlinetta,
he called in sick today.
That's the kind of thing
somebody does when they steal
a shipment of cocaine
and don't need the paycheck.
[CELLPHONE CHIMING]
- Who's texting you?
- Ugh, my sister.
Making that phone call really
opened up the floodgates.
She keeps texting me all the things
I need to make amends for...
all the times I was selfish,
obnoxious, destructive.
She's a journalist, so she has
lots of words for what I am.
Well, you know, I've been
on the receiving end
of a few amends calls.
It gets uncomfortable.
Trust me... it's uncomfortable
for everyone involved.
All I'm saying is that just because
you're ready to have that conversation
doesn't mean that she is.
So, give your sister some time.
Maybe she'll come around.
[CELLPHONE RINGING]
What's up, Berto?
I was talking with Tyler,
and I found out something weird.
Damien gave him an access code
to Hansen's garage.
Thing is, only a few people
have access to that code.
What, are you thinking
it's an inside job?
Yeah. So, I double-checked
Damien's phone records,
and he got a call from a blocked number
right before he contacted Tyler.
So, on a hunch, I checked
Perry Hansen's phone records,
and he called Damien
at the exact same time.
Hansen's the blocked number.
But why would Perry Hansen
want his own car stolen?
To throw off suspicion
because he's the one who took the drugs.
Insurance will cover the car,
and the client and the drug ring
assume it's a random theft.
But why do it? Pure greed?
I think I know why.
Perry Hansen may have had
a gambling addiction.
I saw a bunch of calls
to a number in San Diego,
and I tracked it
to a gambling treatment center.
You don't call a treatment center
unless you've hit rock bottom.
- He must be in financial trouble.
- Big-time.
Last year, he sold a cabin in Tahoe,
and then a couple months later,
he put his house up for sale,
then slashed the price.
I think we need to have
a little chat with Mr. Hansen.
♪
[INDISTINCT TALKING]
You see the kid's shiner?
Something's definitely
going on with this family.
Mr. Hansen, mind if we have a word?
- Caleb, why don't you go inside?
- Yeah.
What's this about?
Well, the fact that you set up
that Berlinetta to be stolen.
After you helped yourself to the coke
that was hidden inside it.
Coke?
What are you talking about?
That's ludicrous.
The gang has already killed
three people over those drugs.
If we were able to figure out
that you had the drugs,
it's only a matter of time
before they do, too.
We can protect you.
Like I said,
I don't know anything about any drugs.
Okay?
Now, get off my property.
♪
- He's lying.
- Yeah.
If we don't get those drugs back,
Tyler's dead.
Hansen wouldn't cop
to stealing the drugs.
But his son, Caleb,
had this gnarly black eye.
So, we dug a little deeper.
- [CELLPHONE BEEPS]
- Check this out.
A college newspaper?
That's where Caleb plays basketball.
The article says he missed
the preseason for a knee injury.
The exact same time his dad
was making phone calls
to that gambling treatment
center in San Diego.
Hansen's not the one with
the gambling addiction.
- It's Caleb.
- And I asked around.
Sounds like he's in deep
with an old friend.
- Melanie Ray.
- Mel?
The loan shark?
He's lucky all he got was a black eye.
Yeah, and Caleb's bio
on the team's website
says he works part-time for his dad.
So, that gives him access to the cars
and opportunity to steal the drugs.
Only we have no evidence.
No warrant.
You think the kid's just gonna
admit to stealing the drugs?
What we have is leverage.
Maybe that'll get him to talk.
So, my brother's life depends
on a 22-year-old kid now.
- That's the plan?
- This can work.
And if it doesn't?
What happens to my brother then?
♪
[LAUGHTER]
- One last game?
- Okay, okay, okay.
Playing with you, man.
What are you guys doing here?
We need to have a little chat
about your gambling.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oh, well, that's too bad.
'Cause the next chat we're gonna
have is with your coach.
No.
Please, you can't tell anyone.
One more violation and I'm off the team.
It'll ruin my shot at the NBA.
This is my future, man!
Then be straight with us.
Is that black eye
courtesy of Melanie Ray?
My bookie hooked me up with her.
And now she's on me to pay her back.
How much are you in for?
250 large.
$250,000?!
Sorry, that is just... a lot.
Look, I-I-I went to rehab.
I-I quit hanging out
with the wrong people.
I'm really trying.
So, how are you planning
on paying her back?
My dad's handling it.
How's he doing that?
He said he took a loan out
through his company.
It's gonna cover things up
with Mel, but I... [SIGHS]
I hate that he had
to do that because of me.
Caleb didn't take the drugs.
His dad must have stolen them
to pay off the loan shark.
He did it to protect his son.
Yeah, and now three people
are dead because of it.
If we don't get those drugs back
from Hansen, Tyler's next.
Yeah, but if we do that, Hansen won't
be able to cover his son's debt,
and Caleb's legs will be next.
He's fighting addiction. He's trying.
We can't trade his life for Tyler's.
What if there's another way
- to take care of Caleb's gambling debt?
- What do you mean?
Okay, so Hansen stole the drugs
to save his son.
What if we can get the loan
shark to lay off of Caleb?
Maybe his dad would be willing
to give up those drugs.
How well do you know Mel exactly?
You want to make a deal
with a loan shark?
Do you have any idea
what that woman's capable of?
Well, I know what'll happen
if we don't try.
♪
Christine Rollins.
- We need to talk.
- Your brother sent you.
He doesn't know I'm here.
He's not your guy.
- You don't know your brother.
- Wait.
What if I can get your drugs back?
Would you call off the hit on Tyler?
Oh, you're a dirty cop now?
I'm not a cop right now. I'm his sister.
And I'm offering you a deal.
You get your drugs back,
Tyler walks away.
Know that I'm a man of my word.
So, when someone takes something from me,
I make sure I get what's mine
and they get what's theirs.
♪
[GATE OPENS, CREAKS]
[GATE CLOSES]
[LAUGHS]
Eddie Valetik.
Been a while since I've seen
your pretty face.
[STERNLY] Who's the sidekick?
- His partner, Sam Swift.
- Oh, right.
As seen on TV. I've heard about you.
Say your piece, Eddie. No one
visits me to pass the time.
We need to talk about Caleb Hansen.
I'm kind of past
the talking phase with that kid.
Look, I understand, but what will it take
to give him room to breathe?
Put him on a payment plan.
He's on a payment plan.
The plan is for him to pay.
Look, Caleb has a problem,
but he's getting help.
I think he just needs a second chance.
That is just heart-breaking, honey,
but I don't do second chances.
Come on, Eddie, how many
sob stories have I heard?
You've got to do better than this.
♪
Uh...[CLEARS THROAT]
What if I can, um...
make it worth your while, Mel?
Listening.
If you rework the terms
of the kid's loan...
...I'll owe you.
A favor from Eddie Valetik?
Now, that might be worth something.
♪
- More take-out.
- Uh, sorry, man.
It's all good.
It beats being out there,
looking over my shoulder.
[CELLPHONE RINGING]
Uh, it's Eddie. Give me a second?
Yeah.
Hey, what's up?
[CELLPHONE VIBRATING]
[CELLPHONE CLICKS, VIBRATING STOPS]
Yeah.
Hey, are we still on to do this?
You sure you can handle moving the drugs?
No. Tell them it's no problem.
All right, I got it covered.
♪
Where you headed, Tyler?
Nico.
I know it was you who took my blow.
- Where is it?
- I...
I don't know!
- Then you're gonna die!
- No, no, no, no!
Look, I'll take you to it.
Right now. I swear.
So, they were here all this time, huh?
Where are they? Where's my coke?!
If I tell you, you're just gonna kill me
like you did with D and his boys.
Yeah, if you tell me, I'll do it quick.
But if you don't,
I'll take all night.
Worse than your boys got.
So, what's it gonna be?
All right.
There's an opening in the wall.
Bricks are in there.
Good choice, Ty.
You best not be playing with me.
♪
[BRICK SLIDES]
[CHUCKLES]
♪
See? I knew you had it.
You could fool your sister,
but you couldn't fool me.
Leave my sister out of this.
She came to see me, you know.
Offered to go bad
just to save your sorry hide.
Maybe I'll go visit her
after you're gone.
- CHRISTINE: Freeze! Show me your hands!
- OFFICER: DEA!
Freeze, hands on your head!
OFFICER 2: DEA!
[GUN COCKS]
Drop it, Nico, or I drop you.
♪
CHRISTINE: I don't know how you
got Hansen to give up the drugs,
I probably don't want to know,
but your plan worked.
We busted Nico with the coke,
and we got him for the triple homicide.
So, it's over?
How did Tyler handle things?
He played his part perfectly.
He missed his calling. He would
have made a good undercover cop.
Weren't you worried about Tyler going off
with a psychopath like Nico?
I stuck that tracker on Nico's car
when I went to see him, so
we had him under surveillance.
Tyler was covered the whole time.
Once we moved the drugs to the chop shop
and we put word out on the street
about where Tyler was hiding,
it drew Nico right to him.
What about the gang? Won't they
still come after your brother?
Well, word is, Nico's out of
favor with the 12th Street Kings
for killing Damien and his crew.
Too much unwanted attention.
So, the target's off Tyler and on Nico.
So, what happens next?
Tyler's talking to investigators
at the precinct.
I'm headed there now.
♪
How'd it go?
I'll let you tell her.
Well, I, uh, gave a full statement.
Told them I'd be willing
to testify against Nico.
You sure about this?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's time I take
some responsibility.
I could talk to the D.A...
I appreciate it, sis.
Really. All of it.
But I'm good, you know?
I need a fresh start.
Yeah, we both do.
♪
That was pretty brave of Chris...
putting herself out there,
risking everything she's built
to protect her brother.
We got lucky. It could have
gone either way.
Well, it gave me
some perspective and courage.
I gave my sister another call.
She agreed to grab coffee with
me next time she's in town.
- Well, that's kind of a victory.
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah, she said I was Lucy with
the football too many times.
She didn't want to fall for it again.
Lucy? That's weird.
I pegged you more for, like, a Snoopy.
I mean, big nose and weird, floppy ears.
♪
One phone call down.
Yeah, but there is
a long, bumpy road ahead.
Need a ride?
You mean home?
Yeah, that, too.
I'd like that. Thanks.
♪